feat: describe components (#37)
ce-rust/cerk: README.md

CERK comes with a couple of prefabricated components, but implementing custom components is easy.

### MicroKernel

The MicroKernel is responsible for starting the other components with the help of the Scheduler and brokering messages between them.

The MicroKernel is implemented in the `cerk` crate.

### Runtimes

> The Runtime provieds a Scheduler and a Cannel (Sender/Receiver) implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Runtime provides a Scheduler and a Channel (Sender/Receiver) implementation.
```

The Scheduler is responsible for scheduling the internal servers with a platform specific scheduling strategy.

| Name                                                 | Scheduling Strategy | Channel Strategy    | Compatible with |
|------------------------------------------------------|---------------------|---------------------|-----------------|
| [cerk_runtime_threading](./cerk_runtime_threading/)  | `std::thread`       | `std::sync::mpsc`   | Linux           |

### Ports

The Port is responsible for exchanging CloudEvents with the outside world.

> A Port could be instanciated multiple times with different configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Port can be instantiated multiple times with different configurations.
```
